1) Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
Ans = so function is reduced the repetition of code and need of duplicate codes that's why we do not need to write similar code again and again and
it also helps to reduces size of code and it makes program easier to understand and read.
   
2) When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?
Ans =  the function run when it called

3) What statement creates a function?
Ans = def statement creates a function

4)What is the difference between a function and a function call?
Ans = function is the procedure to archive a particular result where function call is the way to archive that task.

5)  How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
Ans= there is one global scope in python program and 4 local scopes  
	
6) What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
Ans = the scopes get destroyed when we call the function
    
7)What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
Ans = A return is a value that a function returns to the calling script or function when it completes its task
      And we can use the return value in math expression or any kind of expression 

8) If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that  function?
 Ans = then the function will return none

9)How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
Ans = we need to use global keyword to declare which variables are global

10) What is the data type of None? 
Ans =  It is a data type of the class NoneType object.

11) What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?
Ans = it imports module named areallyourpetsnamederic.

12) If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
Ans = This function can be called with spam. bacon()

13)What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
Ans = When it encounters an error, the control is passed to the except block, skipping the code in between. As seen in the above code, 
we have moved our code inside a try and except statement. Try running the program and it should throw an error message instead of crashing the program  

14)What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
Ans = It is used to test code for an error which is written in the “try” statement. If an error is encountered, the contents of the “except” block are run              


